Add v3-operator chart (#339)
stakewise/helm-charts: charts/v3-operator/README.md

# Oracle Helm Chart

Kubernetes Helm chart for deploying oracle - the entity which is responsible for reading StakeWise pool validators data from beacon chain and submitting
it to the [Oracles](https://github.com/stakewise/contracts/blob/master/contracts/Oracles.sol) smart contract.

## Introduction

> Can be used to deploy StakeWise oracles on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be used to deploy StakeWise V3 operator on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.
```
